README.md, before:

# Project: Calculator OverView

This is the Javascript foundations course in the Odin Project(URL:https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-calculator).

(The Odin Project is the free course to become a fullstack web developer)

In this lesson, I had to create a Calculator using HTML / CSS /JavaScript.

# Web URL

Web Page: https://hiros-dev.github.io/Calculator/

# Key's Actions

You can use both mouse and keyboard in the Calculator.

"0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ." - numbers key
"+ - * / %" - operate key
"=" - equal key
"d" - AC function (All Clear)
"BackSpace" - Delete one number on display
"Tab" - convert number on display from plus to minus (or from minus to plus)

# Screen Shot

<img src="./screen.png"/>

# What did I learn through this course

I had to combine everything I have learned so for to create Calculator.
So, I got a HTML / CSS / JavaScript knowledge more than before.

I think Calculator project is simple.
But it is not easy.
(Especially, programmer want to create perfect calculator)

Because the project needs to use many JavaScript fundamentals(conditions, loops, DOM manipulation, etc. etc),
and needs to know many JavaScript knowledge(For example, if programmer does not know about Floating-Point Arithmetic, programmer met error through the project. If you want to know more check here: https://floating-point-gui.de/)

So, the project is very effective showcase to prove programmers skills.

Please check my written code and project demo.
I think my code proves my programming skill more than anything.

# Summary

I finished another project.
And this is the hardest project for me so far obviously.

I had to struggling few days to finish the project.
And my code is a little bit messy.
But, anyway, I could create the project by myself.
So, I am very proud me and my project.

Thank you for reading.
And, happy coding!!!

Commit message:

add about float calculation article in README.md

README.md, after:

# Project: Calculator OverView

This is the Javascript foundation's course in the Odin Project(URL:https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-calculator).

(The Odin Project is the free course to become a fullstack web developer)

In this lesson, I had to create a Calculator using HTML / CSS /JavaScript.

# Web URL

Web Page: https://hiros-dev.github.io/Calculator/

# Key's Actions

You can use both mouse and keyboard in the Calculator.

"0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ." - numbers key
"+ - * / %" - operate key
"=" - equal key
"d" - AC function (All Clear)
"BackSpace" - Delete one number on display
"Tab" - convert number on display from plus to minus (or from minus to plus)

# Screen Shot

<img src="./screen.png"/>

# What did I learn through this course

I had to combine everything I have learned so for to create Calculator.
So, I got a HTML / CSS / JavaScript knowledge more than before.

I think Calculator project is simple.
But it is not easy.
(Especially, programmer want to create perfect calculator)

Because the project needs to use many JavaScript fundamentals(conditions, loops, DOM manipulation, etc. etc),
and needs to know many JavaScript knowledge(For example, if programmer does not know about Floating-Point Arithmetic, programmer met error through the project. If you want to know more check here: https://floating-point-gui.de/)

So, the project is very effective showcase to prove programmers skills.

Please check my written code and project demo.
I think my code proves my programming skill more than anything.

# About Float Calculation

My calculator uses parseFloat and toPrecision(2) methods.
So, if you try calculation (ex. 1 divided by 3), the answer is 0.33.

Perhaps, this is not desirable behavior for you.
This case, you can change toPrecision methods with  more big number.
Or, you can use libraries(ex. bignumber.js (URL:https://github.com/MikeMcl/bignumber.js/))

# Summary

I finished another project.
And this is the hardest project for me so far obviously.

I had to struggling few days to finish the project.
And my code is a little bit messy.
But, anyway, I could create the project by myself.
So, I am very proud me and my project.

Thank you for reading.
And, happy coding!!!
